

WIshing everyone a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year! 

Wishing everyone a very Happy Holiday season! 

Don't forget to watch Larry King tonight, CNN at 9 pm.   He's a television legend and a great friend.  It's going to be a fantastic farewell. 

I'll be appearing on Larry King Live for his final show, Thursday night at 9 p. m. , CNN.  Larry's been on TV for 25 years... 

... Trump International Hotel Las Vegas, and Trump International Hotel & Tower Waikiki Beach Walk.. 

Those five hotels includeTrump International Hotel & Tower New York, Trump Soho New York, Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago... 

All the hotels currently open in the Trump Hotel Collection have been nominated for Travel & Leisure's "World's Best Awards 2011" ..... 

Congratulations to Brandy as our new Apprentice and to Clint for being a great player.  It's been a terrific season! 

Tonight is the Apprentice finale---and it's a fantastic episode in every way, with the great Liza Minnelli performing and a new Apprentice! 

Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one of the best ever--we're down to the final 3, and it's high excitement all the way.  10 pm on NBC. 

Congratulations to Evan Lysacek for being nominated SI sportsman of the year.  He's a great guy, and he has my vote!   #EvanForSI\. 

My best wishes to everyone for a Happy Thanksgiving! 

Tomorrow night's episode of The Apprentice delivers excitement at QVC along with appearances by Isaac Mizrahi and Cathie Black.  10 pm on NBC\. 

Watch CNN tomorrow at 2 pm & 5 pm and on Friday at 7 pm & 11 pm for a Thanksgiving Special hosted by John King.  I'll be a featured guest. 

Staff Sgt.  Salvatore A.  Giunta received the Medal of Honor from Pres.  Obama this month.  It was a great honor to have him visit me today. 

"CNBC Titans: Donald Trump " will be shown Friday Nov 19th at 9 pm and 1 am, Sunday 11/21 at 9 pm and  11/24 at 7 pm. 

We're getting down to the wire on The Apprentice--tune in tonight for some great action!  10 p. m.  on NBC. 

My interview last week with Greta van Susteren is available here in slightly abridged form.     Good info to know about. 

Tonight's episode of The Apprentice has a big surprise at the top of the show -- don't miss it!  10 p. m.  on NBC. 

Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one you won't want to miss!  Be sure to tune in--10 p. m.  on NBC. 

I'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with Greta Van Susteren, 10 p. m.  on Fox News.  It will be the first of a two part series. 

I was on The View this morning.  We talked about The Apprentice.  Tonight's episode is a great one--tough, exciting and surprising.  10 pm/NBC\. 

Be prepared for a sensational episode of The Apprentice tomorrow night, 10 pm on NBC. 

Don't forget to tune in tonight to see another unpredictable and exciting episode of The Apprentice-- 10 pm on NBC\. 

An HR solutions company polled 1,000 employed adults to find out who would make ideal bosses.... 

Be sure to watch The Apprentice tonight, 10 p. m.  on NBC--it's an episode you won't forget! 

Scotland is beautiful and Trump Internatonal Golf Links-Scotland is progressing beautifully as well.. 

Don't forget to tune in tonight for another exciting episode of The Apprentice--10 p. m.  on NBC. 

I'm honored to be presented the award of Doctor of Business Administration Honoris Causa from Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen, Scotland\. 

Read Ivanka's blog about last night's Apprentice on Entertainment Weekly .... 

Tune in tonight at 10 pm on NBC for another exciting episode of The Apprentice -- and see the Dog Whisperer make an appearance. 

See the new sizzle reel for The Apprentice. 

Don't forget to tune in tonight at 10 p. m.  on NBC for another action packed episode of The Apprentice.. 

Be sure to tune in for Melania's second QVC show for "Melania Timepieces & Jewelry"  tonight, live from 9-10 pm on QVC. 

Don't forget to tune in tonight for the two hour premiere of The Apprentice.  9 pm EST on NBC.  We're all in for a fantastic new season! 

Eric did a great job with his Eric Trump Foundation annual charity outing.  I'm proud of him.. 

I am very happy to have the civilian version of "The Apprentice" back on the air this fall.  There will be excitement as well as opportunity. 

Coming up soon: The two hour premiere of The Apprentice.  Next Thursday, September 16th, at 9  pm on NBC.. 

There's a lot going on at the Eric Trump Foundation .... 

I was invited by Caroline Wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the U. S.  Open yesterday.  She's fantastic! 

Check out Trump International Hotel & Tower New York --spectacular!. 

Check out Serta's Counting Sheep (and me) at the Trump International Hotel New York. 

I'll be on The Late Show with David Letterman tonight--be sure to tune in for a great show.  11:30 pm on CBS. 

Went to the Yankees game last night with Bill O'Reilly--we had a great time watching the Yankees win! 

Spent a beautiful weekend golfing at Trump National Golf Club Westchester and Trump National Golf Club Bedminster. 

The Miss Universe Pageant raked in some great ratings!   A great job by everyone. 

Congratulations to Miss Mexico, Jimena Navarrete, our new Miss Universe 2010, and congratulations to everyone for a fantastic show. 

It's going to get hotter in Las Vegas tonight!  Watch the Miss Universe Pageant tonight on NBC at 9 p. m.  I'm looking forward to being there! 

Four more days until the Miss Universe Pageant.  Be sure to tune in on Monday night at 9 p. m.  on NBC--it will be an amazing show. 

The original Apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on Thursday September 16th.  Looking forward to a fantastic season! 

So don't forget to enter the Serta Counting Sheep for Hire contest!   www. youtube. com/user/mattressserta\. 

That trip would be to the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas.... 

Friday is the last day to enter the Counting Sheep for Hire contest.  Click here www. youtube. com/user/mattressserta and you could win a trip\. 

Check out the last webisode www. youtube. com/user/mattressserta in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta.  Which one was your favorite? 

Check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta.  Which one was your favorite?   www. youtube. com/user/mattressserta\. 

Eric's Sept.  14th event will be held at Trump National Golf Club Westchester.. 

The Eric Trump Foundation, September 14. 

Mark your calenders for August 23rd. 

Performing live on the Miss Universe Pageant from the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino will be Telemundo, Orianthi, John Legend and The Roots. 

The Miss Universe Pageant will be on August 23 (9-11 p. m.  on NBC, ET) with Bret Michaels and Natalie Morales to co-host, live from Las Vegas\. 

Enter the contest....   stay at Trump International Hotel Las Vegas\. 

and stay at  the fantastic Trump International Hotel Las Vegas .... 

I'm helping the Serta Counting Sheep get back to work.  Enter the contest   and win a trip to Las Vegas.. 

Could this be my newest apprentice?    ... Enter the contest ..  .. 

I'm proud to accept the 2010 HollyRod Foundation Humanitarian Award from Holly Robinson Peete, who raised $700,000 on Celebrity Apprentice\. 

and yet another ... all of them are spectacular.. 

and here's another..... 

Visited some very beautiful golf courses this weekend... this is one.... 

George Steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend.  There will never be anyone like him in New York.  We've lost a truly great man. 

The new edition of The Apprentice will be on Thursdays this fall at 10 pm ET---I'm putting people back to work! 

Due to popular demand, CNN will re-broadcast  the Larry King Live show I hosted in June, in which I interview Larry.  Monday July 5, 9 pm CNN\. 

Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day weekend.  We have a lot to be thankful for. 

Work is expected to begin today on my golf course in Scotland.  It will be spectacular!. 

"Trading Shots with Donald Trump"--a great article in the Wall Street Journal. 

The Eric Trump Foundation has raised over $1,000,000 towards St.  Jude Children's Research Hospital.. 

Great job on the Larry King Live Gulf Telethon last night--$1. 3 million was raised in 2 hours. 

For more information on tonight's two hour telethon, 8 to 10 p. m.. 

Tonight be sure to watch Melania and Ivanka on Larry King Live for a Celebrity Relief Telethon. 

The Ultimate Merger. 

Tune in tonight at 9 pm on TV One for "The Ultimate Merger" starring the one and only Omarosa and twelve brave bachelors ... 

And Trump SoHo New York is one of the hottest new hotels anywhere..... 

Had a fantastic dinner last night at Quattro, in the Trump SoHo Hotel.  It's already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city. 

WSJ covers Ride of Fame. 

Rima Fakih, our beautiful Miss USA, rode with me on the Gray Line Ride of Fame yesterday.... 

Check out Gray Line's site for the Donald Trump Ride of Fame.... 

I am honored to be chosen by Gray Line for their NY Ride of Fame Campaign.  Today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of Trump Tower. 

Tonight I trade places with Larry King @kingsthings and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show.  9PM on CNN featuring best clips. 

Be sure to watch the Larry King Show tomorrow night on CNN, 9 p. m.  I'll be the host, Larry the guest.. 

Checking out the course at TNGC Westchester and it is fantastic.  Should be a great season.. 

I'll be turning the table on Larry King this Saturday night.   I'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th Anniversary of his show. 

Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day Weekend, with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom. 

The Dunes here are amazing, and  they're how I learned about geomorphology, which is the study of movement landforms.  We've had a great trip\. 

The North Coast of Scotland is spectacular--the sea, the sand dunes, the rolling bluffs--we walked the course and it is fantastic. 

Scotland is beautiful.  I spent several years looking for the right place, visiting over 200 sites, and this is absolutely the right place! 

The ratings for the Celebrity Apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time.  It was a terrific season -- congrats to everyone! 

Ivanka caught up with Bret and Holly backstage.  Both Bret and Holly were champions all the way.. 

Congratulations to Bret Michaels, the new Celebrity Apprentice.  Bret's a true champion, all of us were happy to see him and to see him win! 

Who's your pick--@bretmichaels or @hollyrpeete ?  Vote now on Ivanka's new Facebook page!. 

The latest update on Bret Michaels is that he's making every effort to attend the live finale of Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday--so tune in! 

Check out Ivanka's new FaceBook page and keep up with what's happening--from The Celebrity Apprentice, to jewlery to free tickets and more.. 

Put  this on your calendar: The Celebrity Apprentice live finale is this Sunday at 9 p. m.  on NBC.  Who will be the next Celebrity Apprentice? 

Congratulations to our new Miss USA,  the beautiful Rima Fakih.   Rima will represent us well at Miss Universe and be a wonderful Miss USA . 

Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p. m.  ET, hosted by Curtis Stone & Natalie Morales live from Las Vegas. 

We're all very happy to hear of Bret Michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery. 

Providing backstage commentary at the Miss USA Pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo Joan and Melissa Rivers.  A fantastic lineup! 

Also appearing on the Miss USA Pageant will be Country Superstar Trace Adkins and Pop Rock Sensation Boys Like Girls... 

Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p. m.  ET,  hosted by Curtis Stone and Natalie Morales. 

Be sure to look for my beautiful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 9 pm ET where she will be debuting her fantastic jewelry collection. 

Melania will be on QVC tomorrow night at 9 p. m.  ET to introduce her beautiful and inspiring Melania Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry collection. 

Melania and I will be appearing on Larry King Live tonight, 9 p. m.  on CNN.  Be sure to tune in for some great conversation! 

Our thoughts and prayers remain with Bret Michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery. 

To put on your calendar for May: Miss USA 2010, live from Las Vegas on May 16th, 7 p. m.  ET on NBC.  I'll be there--tune in for a great show! 

Melania and I will be appearing on The View tomorrow at 11 a. m.  on CBS.  Tune in for some great fun! 

Melania and I saw American Idiot on Broadway last night and it was great.  An amazing  theatrical experience! 

Tune in to The Marriage Ref onThursday night at 10 p. m.  on NBC--I'm on the panel of experts along with Gloria Estefan & Adam Carolla. 

On Sunday, Jerome Bettis 'the bus' from the Pittsburgh Steelers will play at Trump Int'l Golf Club/Palm Beach against Julius Erving 'Dr J'

"Before Kids Can Go Places, They Need a Place To Go" -- the motto of The Police Athletic League, an organization I'm  very proud to support\. 

Looking forward to seeing the World Champion Yankees today on opening day! 

The premiere of "Donald J.  Trump's Fabulous World of Golf" is tomorrow night at 9 p. m. ET on Golf Channel.  Tune in for a great adventure! 

This is a terrific day for downtown New York.  Trump SoHo is unlike anything else.  Be sure to visit this fantastic hotel soon! 

Trump SoHo opens this Friday and it is fantastic!  Check out the Trump Hotel Collection.... 

My bestselling book from last April, Think Like a Champion, is now available in paperback.  It's inspiring, entertaining, and a great read. 

Then we attended the Scottish fashion show that benefits veterans, Dressed to Kilt 2010, which I co-hosted with Sir Sean and Lady Connery. 

Last night Melania and I attended the Skating with the Stars Gala at Wollman Rink in Central Park, it was fantastic.  Stay tuned for Part 2.. 

Today's open call drew thousands of  eager applicants.  It was an impressive group,  I enjoyed meeting them.  We've got some great candidates! 

Don't forget the open call at Trump Tower tomorrow for The Apprentice.  I look forward to seeing you there. 

The NYC casting call for The Apprentice is thisThursday, April 1 at Trump Tower.  For all the information you need, go to NBC. com/casting. 

The original Apprentice is coming back--do you have what it takes to be the next Apprentice?  For casting details. 

The Trump Hotel Collection is currently nominated for Conde Nast Traveler Readers Choice Awards, Travel & Leisure and World Travel Awards. 

Last week's episode of the Celebrity Apprentice set the stage for a great new season.  Tune in this Sunday on NBC for even more excitement. 

I am happy to announce that theoriginal Apprentice --which will offer job opportunities to those in need--is coming back. 

Olympic Gold  Medalist Evan Lysacek just left my office.  He is in town and wanted to meet me--he's a fanastic guy and a true champion. 

The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice is off to a great start-- last night it swept the 10 p. m.  hour in every key demographic. 

The Celebrity Apprentice has a two-hour premiere this Sunday, March 14th, at 9 p. m.  on NBC.  This will be the best season yet, see you then! 

From Donald Trump: Andrea Bocelli @ Mar-a-Lago - Many say best night of entertainment in long history of Palm Beach. 

From Donald Trump: “I’m so proud of my wife Melania and the launch of her new jewelry line, to debut on QVC on April 30th at 9 p. m. ”

Donald Trump appeared on the final episode of The Jay Leno Show to deliver a very special message. 

Donald Trump appearing today on CNN International’s ‘Connect the World’ as ‘Connector of the Day’.  Submit questions. 

Superbowl Sunday is a great American tradition.  The Colts and Saints are already champions, but may the best team win! 

Golf Channel & Donald Trump's World of Golf host a Celebrity Match 1/25 @ TNGC LA, CA - Mark Wahlberg vs.  Kevin Dillon. 

from Donald Trump: "I saw Lady Gaga last night and she was fantastic! "

Trump Tycoon App for iPhone & iPod Touch - It's $2. 99 but the advice is priceless!. 

Celebrity Apprentice returns to NBC, Sunday, 3/14, 9-11PM ET/PT.  Outstanding list of celebrities & season should be the best one yet! 

From Donald Trump: Wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy, healthy, prosperous New Year.  Let’s think like champions in 2010!