

From Donald Trump: Wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy, healthy, prosperous New Year.  Let’s think like champions in 2010! 

Trump International Tower in Chicago ranked 6th tallest building in world by Council on Tall Buildings & Urban Habitat. 

Wishing you and yours a very Happy and Bountiful Thanksgiving! 

Donald Trump Partners with TV1 on New Reality Series Entitled, Omarosa's Ultimate Merger. 

--Work has begun, ahead of schedule, to build the greatest golf course in history: Trump International – Scotland. 

--From Donald Trump: "Ivanka and Jared’s wedding was spectacular, and they make a beautiful couple.  I’m a very proud father. "

Hear Donald Trump discuss big gov spending, banks, & taxes on Your World w/Neil Cavuto. 

Watch video of Ivanka Trump sharing business advice with 4 entrepreneurial women on GMA. 

- Read what Donald Trump has to say about daughter Ivanka's upcoming new book, The Trump Card. 

"A lot of people have imagination, but can't execute--you have to execute with the imagination. " --Donald J.  Trump. 

Read Donald Trump's Top Ten Tips for Success. 

- More hysterical DSRL videos featuring Donald Trump and "Double Trump" plus enter Golden Lick Race Sweepstakes. 

- Donald Trump bids to buy the Oreo Double Stuf Racing League.  Check it out. 

Reminder: The Miss Universe competition will be LIVE from the Bahamas - Tonight @ 9pm (EST) on NBC. 

Watch the Miss Universe competition LIVE from the Bahamas - Sunday, 8/23 @ 9pm (ET) on NBC. 

-- Watch Donald Trump's recent appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman. 

Ivanka is now on Twitter - You can follow her @IvankaTrump - Have a terrific weekend! 

"Think.  That’s the first step.  Use all your power to utilize and develop that capability" --Donald J.  Trump. 

Browse Donald Trump's Summer Reading List for Business Success at the Trump University Blog. 

Check out a list of Donald Trump's books for summer reading at the Trump University Blog. 

Congrats to winners from around the world who entered the "Think Like A Champion" signed book/keychain contest!. 

Donald Trump backs 'Apprentice' Randal Pinkett for N. J.  Lieutenant Governor. 

"Be aware of things that seem inexplicable because they can be a big step towards innovation. " --Donald J.  Trump. 

Here's to a safe and happy Independence Day for one and all - Enjoy it!  --Donald J.  Trump\. 

Watch a powerful and frank interview with Donald Trump about the economy on Greta Van Susteren's On The Record. 

RE: Michael Jackson: "He was a great friend and a spectacular entertainer.  It’s a devastating loss! " -Donald J.  Trump\. 

Donald Trump’s commercial-free WWE Raw does big rating. 

“Expand your life every day. ” –Donald J.  Trump. 

- Wishing a Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there - YOU are a champion today and everyday!. 

RE: FB Vanity URLs: SF Chronicle - "David Beckham was one of the first, along with Britney Spears & Donald Trump. ". 

Thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishes – Donald Trump\. 

Today is Donald Trump's Birthday!  Send him your B'day wishes here. 

Last week to enter the "Think Like A Champion" signed book and keychain contest. 

“If you don't have problems, you're pretending or you don't run your own business. ” –Donald J.  Trump. 

Check out Donald Trump's new iGoogle Showcase page. 

"You have to know when to call it quits and when to keep moving forward. " --Donald J.  Trump. 

Read an excerpt from Think Like A Champion by Donald J.  Trump. 

"Your higher self is in direct opposition to your comfort zone. " --Donald J.  Trump. 

Did you know Donald Trump is on Facebook?    - Become a fan today! 

Don't forget to enter the "Think Like A Champion" signed book and keychain contest. 

"Keep it fast, short and direct - whatever it is. " --Donald J.  Trump. 

Read a great interview with Donald Trump that appeared in The New York Times Magazine. 

"Always know you could be on the precipice of something great. " --Donald J.  Trump. 

"... these days... we could all use a little of the power of Trumpative thinking. " –BarnesandNoble. com. 

"We win in our lives by having a champion's view of each moment. " --Donald J.  Trump. 

"Don’t be afraid of being unique - it's like being afraid of your best self. " --Donald J.  Trump. 

"When the achiever achieves, it's not a plateau, it’s a beginning. " --Donald J.  Trump. 

Enter the "Think Like A Champion" signed book and keychain contest. 

"Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact. " --Donald J.  Trump. 

Listen to an interview with Donald Trump discussing his new book, Think Like A Champion. 

Miss USA Tara Conner will not be fired - "I've always been a believer in second chances. " says Donald Trump\. 

"My persona will never be that of a wallflower - I’d rather build walls than cling to them" --Donald J.  Trump\. 

New Blog Post: Celebrity Apprentice Finale and Lessons Learned Along the Way. 

Donald Trump reads Top Ten Financial Tips on Late Show with David Letterman:   - Very funny! 

Donald Trump will be appearing on The View tomorrow morning to discuss Celebrity Apprentice and his new book Think Like A Champion! 

Be sure to tune in and watch Donald Trump on Late Night with David Letterman as he presents the Top Ten List tonight!